[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Now I want to go to
the exercise here in recursion.
So we're going to factorials.
There's two punk problems that
whenever you talk about recursion
everyone always talks about,
fibonaccis and factorials.
And guess what?
You get to do both of them.
Okay, so for those of you that
are not familiar with factorials,
I'm sure you've seen this before
five explanation point right.
And that means 5x4, geez,
x3x2x1, or you can leave out 1
because you know, not super useful.
So I want you to write a recursive
function that does the factorial for you.
So a factorial of one is one factorial
of two is two factorial of three is six.
>> Speaker 2: We've got some
questions from the previous example.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Winny is asking
what is the loop of the for
loop equivalent of the Fibonacci function?
>> Brian Holt: I don't know
it off the top my hand.
You can definitely Google it and
maybe while you're doing your exercise,
I can take a look at it.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I can't write it off
at the top my head or I'm not going to,
it'd take a while.
>> Speaker 2: And then Benjamin H
has a question if it's O n log n,
would we still drop the modifier n and
just say O log n?
>> Brian Holt: That's a great question.
The answer is no because it's
not actually the coefficient.
That number grows along with log n and
then it actually ends up
being the bigger number.
So the n part actually
is important to that and
the key to keep in mind there
is that it's still n, right?
So as you know it grows from 5,000 to
10,000, that n grows along with it.
Whereas if it's just three,
that three is still three,
no matter how many elements you add,
that three is still constant.
So that's why we keep the n and the log n,
because they both grow with all
the inputs that we put into it.
That's what we're looking for.
That's the broad stroke we want to know.
That's a great question.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, good questions.
So here,
we're gonna make this factorial function,
we talked about that a little bit.
And then down here at the bottom,
we have unit tests for you.
So if you look down here,
this is a Jasmine unit test.
For those of you not
familiar with Jasmine,
it's a unit testing
framework in JavaScript.
And it's hopefully give you useful errors.
Especially since we're doing recursion,
code pen runs your code
automatically as you're typing it.
So if you can imagine if you're doing
incursion and it's running code for
you, you're going to get a stack overflow.
So go ahead and change this to xdescribe.
Just put an x in front of it, or you can
also put the x here in front of xit.
Right?
Either one of the that works as well.
That will prevent that unit tests from
running until you're ready to run it and
then you just go delete it.
And at that point I'll
start running it again.